Next thing we're gonna talk
about is list transformations,
which is one of the core things
that you will be doing in
functional utility methods
which just take a list or
a collection of data and
different arrangements.
And then extract data from them similarly
to how we're using destructuring,
but also by looping through it and using
various logic to get what we need from it.
A lot of times, especially if
you're working on the front end,
you're stuck with using an API, that
you don't really have any control over.
And the data that you're getting back
isn't always in the form that you
need it to be in.
And so, using these functional
utility methods to transform these
lists into something that is more usable,
or works better for
how your UI is arranged,
is something you have to do every day.
Are you guys doing that
everyday in your jobs?
Or you have pretty good APIs
that give you what you need.
Anyone?
Does anyone work with JSON data at work?
Yeah.
Cool, okay.
So, we talked a little bit about nesting.
Here's an example from earlier,
when we were talking about
making that game object.
Here, we're just happened to be using
the bracket notation with strings.
All right.
Here we're pushing.
And this is what our object
literally looks like.
I like to have a visual here so that we
can kind of keep track of what the object
looks like as we're manipulating it.
Okay, so we can push and
we can also use just a regular array
bracket with the number thing, okay?
Awesome.
What's game suspects gonna return?
How about gray sweater
that button up
>> Under suspects?
>> Yep, can you see that there's
a question mark next to it?
>> Yeah, it should
Return the object.
>> Which object?
>> The suspects object.
>> Suspects array.
>> The array of,
>> What do you think?
>> It looks to me like it's gonna
return that array of objects.
Name, color.
>> I'm gonna tell you that you're wrong.
Do you forgive me?
So, unfortunately we're not using our.
Yeah, we're using air quotes so it wasn't
gonna do anything that we wanted it to do.
But now, well Yeah, you guys see that?
So, here we are, it's gonna return the
array with the suspect objects in them.